Explanation

Understanding the problem
The error Failed to load resource: net::ERR_FAILED in Chrome DevTools generally indicates that a resource the browser tried to load (like a CSS file, JavaScript file, image, or other asset) failed to load due to a general or unspecified error. This can happen for a variety of reasons, including:

Network issues: Temporary network disruptions or connectivity problems between the browser and the server hosting the resource.
Server issues: The server might be down, experiencing temporary outages, or misconfigured.
CORS errors: If the resource is being loaded from a different domain, Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) issues might be preventing access.
Browser extensions: Certain browser extensions, particularly ad blockers or privacy extensions, can sometimes block resources from loading.
File corruption: Although less common, the resource file on the server could be corrupt.
Caching issues: An outdated or corrupted cache in the browser might be preventing the latest version of the resource from loading.
Resource not found: The path to the resource might be incorrect, leading to a 404-like error that is reported as a generic net::ERR_FAILED.
How to verify
Check Network Tab: In Chrome DevTools, go to the "Network" tab. Filter by the resource type (e.g., "Img" for images, "JS" for JavaScript). Look for the resource that failed to load, and examine the "Status" column. If it shows an HTTP error code (like 404 or 500), that gives more specific information. If it only shows failed, the error is more general. Also check the "Initiator" column to see what initiated the request for the failing resource.
Try Incognito Mode: Open the page in an incognito window (Ctrl/Cmd + Shift + N). If the resource loads correctly in incognito mode, a browser extension is likely the culprit. You can then disable extensions one by one in the normal browsing mode to identify the problematic extension.
Clear Browser Cache: Go to Chrome settings and clear the browser cache. Then, try reloading the page. If the resource then loads, a caching issue was the problem.
Check Server Status: If you have access to the server, check its logs or status to see if it's running properly and serving requests without errors.
Verify Resource Path: Double-check the path to the resource in your HTML, CSS, or JavaScript code to ensure it's correct and that there are no typos.
Test with Different Browser/Device: Try accessing the page from a different browser or device on the same network. If the issue persists, it's more likely a server or network problem.
Suggested fix
The best fix depends on the underlying cause, which you'll need to determine by using the verification steps above. Here are some possible solutions based on common causes:

Network Issues: If it's a temporary network problem, waiting and trying again later might resolve the issue. If the issue is on the client side, try restarting the network adapter. If the issue is on the server side, contact the server administrator.
Server Issues: If the server is down, you'll need to wait for it to be restored. If it's a configuration problem, the server administrator will need to fix it.
CORS Errors: If it's a CORS issue, you'll need to configure the server to send the correct CORS headers. If you have control of the server, you can modify the server-side code (e.g., in Node.js with Express):
Code

// Example for an Express.js server
app.use((req, res, next) => {
  res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Origin", "*"); // Allow all origins (for development only, restrict in production)
  res.header("Access-Control-Allow-Headers", "Origin, X-Requested-With, Content-Type, Accept");
  next();
});
Use code snippets with caution

Browser Extensions: If an extension is blocking the resource, you can either disable the extension or configure it to allow the specific resource or website. Sometimes extensions have a "whitelist" feature for this purpose.
Caching Issues: Clearing the browser cache (as described in the verification steps) should fix this. You can also implement cache-busting techniques (like adding a version number to the resource URL as a query parameter) to force the browser to load the latest version:
Code

<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css?v=1.2">
Use code snippets with caution

Resource Not Found: Correct the path to the resource in your code. For example, if a script isn't loading:
Code

<!-- Incorrect -->
<script src="/scripts/myscript.js"></script> 
<!-- Correct (assuming 'myscript.js' is in a 'scripts' folder in the root) -->
<script src="scripts/myscript.js"></script>
Use code snippets with caution

Summary
The net::ERR_FAILED error in Chrome DevTools indicates a general failure to load a resource. To debug, use the Network tab, try Incognito mode, clear the cache, check the server, and verify the resource path. Fixes range from waiting for network or server recovery to adjusting server CORS settings, managing browser extensions, addressing caching, or correcting file paths. Careful verification is key to applying the right solution.

Sources and related content
Data used to understand this message
Use search instead
AI tools may generate inaccurate info that doesn't represent Google's views. Data sent to Google may be seen by human reviewers to improve this feature. Open settings or learn more



signup:1 
 Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 (Not Found)
﻿

